Improve atmos list stacks (#979)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/list/list-stacks.mdx

| Flag             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Alias | Required |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|----------|
| `--component`    | Atmos component                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `-c`  | no       |

## Display Format

> The command output can be customized using template variables in your `atmos.yaml` configuration. Here's an example of how to configure the display format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command output can be customized using template variables in your `atmos.yaml` configuration. Here's an example of how to configure the display format to add a custom field called “Tenant”:
```

> The command output can be customized using template variables in your `atmos.yaml` configuration. Here's an example of how to configure the display format to add a custom field called “Tenant”:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command output can be customized using template variables in your `atmos.yaml` configuration. Here's an example of how to configure the display format to adds custom fields called "Stack", "Tenant", "Environment", and "File:
```

```yaml
stacks:
  display:
    columns:
      - name: Stack
        value: '{{ .atmos_stack }}'
      - name: Tenant
        value: '{{ index .vars "tenant" }}'
```

> 

Reviewer: Note, that in this example, it assumes that every component defines `vars.tenant` and `vars.environment`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note, that in this example, it assumes that every component defines `vars.tenant` and `vars.environment`.

```

| Flag             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Alias | Required |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|----------|
| `--component`    | Atmos component                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `-c`  | no       |

## Display Format

> The command output can be customized using template variables in your `atmos.yaml` configuration. Here's an example of how to configure the display format to adds custom fields called "Stack", "Tenant", "Environment", and "File:

Reviewer: I don't think we describe anywhere what happens when using redirection or pipes, or that it automatically degrades when there is not tty attached

```yaml
stacks:
  list:
    columns:
      - name: Stack
        value: '{{ .atmos_stack }}'
      - name: Tenant

>         value: '{{ index .vars "tenant" }}'

Reviewer: Can you confirm other sections like settings are accessible?

$ atmos list stacks
STACK                  TENANT
dev                    acme
staging                acme
prod                   acme-corp
```

## Output Behavior

### Terminal Output
When running in an interactive terminal session, the command provides formatted tabular output with proper column alignment and optional colors (if configured).

### Redirections and Pipes
When the output is redirected to a file or piped to another command (e.g., `atmos list stacks > stacks.txt` or `atmos list stacks | grep dev`), the command automatically adjusts its output format:

- Table formatting is simplified to ensure consistent spacing
- ANSI color codes are automatically disabled
- Output is optimized for machine readability and further processing

### Non-TTY Environment
In non-interactive environments (when no TTY is attached), such as in CI/CD pipelines or when running through automation tools, the command:

- Disables interactive features
- Uses a simplified output format
- Ensures consistent machine-readable output

:::tip
When scripting or automating `atmos list stacks`, consider using the `--format json` or `--format yaml` flags for more predictable and parseable output.
:::

> This format provides a clear, tabular view of your stacks and their associated tenant information.

Reviewer: Outdated

```suggestion
```
